This weekend marks the resumption of the GladAfrica Championship league programme for the 2019/20 soccer season after the programme was paused for about four months because of the nationwide lockdown. The opening match will be played on Sunday when the Durban side, Real Kings, will host Cape Umoya United at the Tsakane Stadium. TS Sporting will battle for vital league points with Richards Bay FC at the Absa Tuks Stadium in Pretoria. Jomo Cosmos will have a date with Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in one of the three matches that will be played next Tuesday, 11 August. TTM will be the visitors as the match will be staged at the Wits Rugby Stadium. Both Cosmos and TTM have good reason to fight for maximum points in the match. Cosmos are fighting for survival, while TTM must win the match to remain in the hot contest for the league title. TTM are currently lying in the fourth spot on the log with 38 points, 10 behind the pace setters, Ajax Cape Town. The Tshakhuma side will be without their right back, Tshepo “Tower” Makgoga, when they face Cosmos. Makgoga is still serving his suspension after seeing red in their game against JDR Stars at the Soshanguve Giant Stadium outside Pretoria, way back in March. The likes of Lucios Ndou and Enort Dzaga will be expected to do the job in the absence of Makgoga. The good news for TTM is that their striker, Naeem Amojee, has fully recovered after testing positive for Covid-19 last month. Also on Tuesday, Free State Stars will entertain Royal Eagles at the Sturrock Park Stadium. The match not to be missed will be between Uthongathi FC and JDR Stars at the University of Johannesburg’s Soweto Campus Stadium. JDR Stars and Uthongathi are keenly contesting for the league title. Five matches will be played next Wednesday, 12 August. Ajax Cape Town will host Richards Bay FC at the Rand Stadium. The match between Mbombela United and Cape Umoya United will be played at the Soweto Campus’ stadium of the University of Johannesburg. The other Wednesday fixtures are TS Galaxy vs Steenberg United, University of Pretoria vs Real Kings and TS Sporting vs Swallows FC. 