The head coach of Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM), Mr Vladislav Heric, did not look worried about the team’s failure collect the maximum points against Real Kings in their GladAfrica Championship League match at the Thohoyandou Stadium last Saturday. He repeatedly said that his boys had done everything according to his instructions and that they had been unlucky at the goal finish. The final score was 1-1. Heric reiterated the fact that they could have sealed the game in the first half if not for the fact that his strikers had been unlucky, considering the number of clear scoring chances they had created. While Heric seemed to take everything lightly, the fans blamed the referee, Mr Michael Mosemeng, for the “bad” result. They started complaining about the middleman after he awarded the visitors from Durban a controversial penalty early in the last half. Simon Mamudzidi, the TTM keeper, braved the shot and executed a brilliant save, much to the disappointment of the Kings’ fans. At that stage, TTM were already leading by a goal that came via Wonderboy Makhubu 17 minutes into the game. Real Kings found the equalizer through a substitute, Diego Brown. He capitalized on Carlington Nyadombo’s clearing error and beat the keeper with a half volley. The situation took an ugly turn when TTM’s fans ran amok and started to sing anti-referee songs shortly after the final whistle. They gathered at the main entrance gate of the stadium after the game, saying they wanted “to fix” him. “This man is very wicked, and we want to teach him a lesson,” said the angry fans. The fans were calmed down by the president of the club, Mr Masala Mulaudzi, who appealed to them to forgive the whistle man, saying assaulting the man would not change the result of the match. TTM dropped from the fifth to the eighth position on the log standings, following the draw. They have 23 points, 9 behind the pace setters, Ajax Cape Town. Jomo Cosmos are languishing at the bottom of the log with 12 points. 