Young local male model Hulisani Sengani chooses to look at life through a pair of optimistic spectacles, and this is what gives him a positive attitude towards life. Early this year, he was selected as one of the top 50 models and ranked in the Top 2 for the Mzansi Arts and Media Awards’ best male model category. The award ceremony for this prestigious competition has been set for 12 December 2020. “From the point where I ranked in position two, I found myself being interviewed by a lot of radio stations and other social media platforms,” he said. “It is not just about popularity but the hard work that takes place backstage.” “It is by God’s grace that I got chosen as one of the male models who are going to be on the runway of the Thohoyandou Fashion Week this December,” he said. “Thohoyandou Fashion Week is one of the biggest fashion shows in Limpopo.” Hulisani is an itinerant stylist and his services include, among others, style makeovers, events styling, fashion photoshoots, own style portfolios and personal shopping with or without a client. “You first book a day of consultation with me when you feel like you need a makeover,” he said. “We identify the problem during the consultation. From there we see which style suits you best from my services, and we change your look.” He admitted that 2020 had had its flaws in the industry but that he had had a lot of time to sit down during the lockdown and study his personality, to figure out what the best route was to follow regarding his career. “I actually did a great deal of my plans, ensuring that I developed a concept of styling people professionally,” he said. “Yes, I agree that I didn't meet everything that was on my bucket list.” Through his Soigneur Styling Services, which he initiated shortly after the lockdown, Hulisani, who also happens to use Soigneur as a stage name, started getting great exposure. He found himself receiving recognition from established creatives such as Mizo Phyll, Mikey Mashila and Shonisani Masutha. Hulisani said he was looking forward to a prosperous 2021 when he would be open to learn more and expand his brand. “My storyline is too long. I will have to tell it at a later stage, but for now the world must get ready for what I'm about to do,” he said. 