The Nedbank Cup last-16-round matches will be played this weekend. The first round-16 match will be staged at the Thohoyandou Stadium this evening (Friday). That is where Black Leopards will host another amateur side, Amavarara FC, starting at 20:00. Leopards’ way to the last-16 stage went via the ABC Motsepe League side, North West University, whom they crushed 4-0 at the Thohoyandou Stadium two weeks ago. Amavarara are an affiliate of the Eastern Cape Stream of the ABC Motsepe League. Asked about their level of readiness for the match, Amavarara’s team manager, Mr Lusapho Mzwakali, said that his boys could not wait to give Black Leopards a run for their money. According to him, their technical staff had been analysing the Leopards’ games on television over the past weeks. As for the Leopards’ caretaker coach, Mr Allan Clark, Amavarara are a closed book. Mr Clark said that he knew nothing about Amavarara except that they beat Super Eagles 2-1 in the last-32 stage of the competition. What was not clear at the time of our going to press was if the two Leopards defenders, Abel Zulu and Khuliso Mudau, would be available for tonight’s match. Zulu and Mudau sustained injuries in their league game against Orlando Pirates at the Thohoyandou Stadium last Sunday and they were replaced with Robert Ngambi and Thabiso Mokoena respectively. The other Leopards players who will not be available for tonight’s match are the two goalkeepers, Jonas Mendes and King Ndlovu, who are still nursing injuries. According to the general manager of the club, Mr Elijah Mulaudzi, Mendes and Ndlovu will be out of action until the end of next month. Tomorrow’s fixtures are: Highlands Park vs Kaizer Chiefs, Happy Wanderers vs TS Sporting, Mbombela United vs Real Kings and Bloemfontein Celtics vs Maritzburg United. The two matches that will be played on Sunday are: Baroka FC vs Hungry Lions and Mamelodi Sundowns vs Vaal University of Technology. The only match that will be played next Tuesday, 25 February, will be between Bidvest Wits and Chippa United. This year’s champions will take home R7 million.